Yael's Bio-Tech Definitions (#22)
Laura-Novich-OBW/glossary: Bio-Tech/Yael.md

# Glossary
## Biotechnology

> [A](A-D.md#a) &nbsp; [B](A-D.md#a) &nbsp; [C](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[D](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[E](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[F](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[G](A-D.md#a) &nbsp; [H](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[I](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[J](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[K](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[L](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[M](A-D.md#a) &nbsp; [N](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[O](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[P](A-D.md#a) &nbsp; [Q](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[R](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[S](A-D.md#a) &nbsp; [T](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[U](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[V](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[W](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[X](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[Y](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;[Z](A-D.md#a) &nbsp;

Reviewer: This is not going to work for a few reasons
1. you're pointing to a file which you don't have (A-D.md doesn't exist in your directory and it shouldn't because your content is all inside the readme.
2. Instead you need to link to the sections below. For example [A](#a) &nbsp; [B](#b) &nbsp; and so on
3. IF there is no heading for the letter simply write the letter as follows: C &nbsp;

> ### A &nbsp;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A 
```

Reviewer: Please remove all non-breaking spaces. from all headings.

# Glossary
## Biotechnology

This glossary was created collaboratively with Our Best Words TechnComm students. This Biotechnology section was worked on by:
[Yael Lachman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yael-lachman/)
[Rachel Goldstuck](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachel-goldstuck/)
[Eitan Gavson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eitan-gavson/)

[A](#a) [B](#b) C [D](#d) E F H G [I](#i) J K L [M](#m) N O [P](#p) Q [R](#r) S [T](#t) U V W X Y Z

### A
<dl>

>   <dt>autoimmune disease</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Autoimmune Disease</dt>
```

>   <dd>a disease type in which the immune system can’t differentiate between its own cells and those which have invaded the body.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A disease type in which the immune system can’t differentiate between its own cells and those which have invaded the body.</dd>
```

</dl>

### B
<dl>

>   <dt>benign tumor</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Benign Tumor</dt>
```

>   <dd>a collection of abnormal non-cancerous tissue cells that can grow uncontrollably and invade nearby tissues.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A collection of abnormal non-cancerous tissue cells that can grow uncontrollably and invade nearby tissues.</dd>
```

</dl>

### D
<dl>

>   <dt>diigital health</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Digital Health</dt>
```

>   <dd>the concept of providing medical treatments and information using technology.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>the concept of providing medical treatments and information using technology.</dd>
```
```suggestion
  <dd>The concept of providing medical treatments and information using technology.</dd>
```

</dl> 

### I
<dl>

>   <dt>immunosuppressants</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Immunosuppressants</dt>
```

>   <dd>a type of medication that weaken the immune system, to prevent it causing harm to parts of the body that are needed, but that it may not recognize e.g. after an organ transplant.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A type of medication that weakens the immune system's response to foreign matter. Immunosuppressants prevent the body's immune system from attacking organs that it may not recognize as belonging to itself, such as after an organ transplant.</dd>
```

</dl>

### M
<dl>

>   <dt>metastasis</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Metastasis</dt>
```

>   <dd>the process of a pathogen spreading from the initial area to a secondary area.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>The process of a pathogen spreading from the initial area to a secondary area.</dd>
```

>   <dt>microbiology</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Microbiology</dt>
```

>   <dd>the scientific study of all living organisms that are too small to be seen by a human’s eye.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>The scientific study of living organisms that are too small to be seen by the human eye.</dd>
```

</dl>

### P
<dl>

>   <dt>pharmacogenomics</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Pharmacogenomics</dt>
```

>   <dd>a field of research that studies how people’s genes affect their response to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A field of research that studies how an individual's DNA affects their response to medication.
```

</dd>
</dl>

### R
<dl>

>   <dt>radiomics</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Radiomics</dt>
```

>   <dd>a field of research that tries to extract large amounts of quantitative data from images by using data characterization algorithms.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A field of research applies data mining to medical imagery. This field focuses on pulling large amounts of quantitative data from images by using data characterization algorithms. By using data analysis and machine learning, applications can find tumors and other areas of concern faster and with better accuracy than humans. </dd>
```

Author: It seems to me that the **that** in the first sentence is needed, do you agree?

</dl>

### T
<dl>
  <dt>transgenic method</dt>

>   <dd>an experimentation type in which DNA segments of an organism are introduced to another.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>A type of experimentation where DNA segments of one organism are introduced to another.</dd>
```

>   <dt>tissue culture (TC) Technology</dt>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dt>Tissue Culture (TC) Technology</dt>
```

>   <dd>a technology that cultivates a plant's cell, organ and tissue growth in various media under controlled conditions.</dd>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <dd>Technology that cultivates a plant's cell, organ and tissue growth, in multiple mediums under controlled conditions.</dd>
```

Reviewer: @Yael0508 - a few comments for you to review. Please commit the suggestion if you like it or add it to batch. If you don't like it don't add or commit.
